2019-05-10 04:42:47.416600 {"type":"message","timestamp":1557463367.4166,"network":"irc","server":"w3c","channel":{"uid":"#social","name":"#social"},"author":{"uid":"dansup","nickname":"dansup","username":"~dansup","name":null,"photo":null,"url":null,"tz":null,"host":"public.cloak"},"content":"I think the meetings should be quarterly with an emphasis on participation of AP devs and project representatives","modes":[]}
